Hello, my name is Rajesh Patil and I
am a side contractor. A few months ago,
an accident happened at my construction site.
Three of our workers were seriously injured.
Luckily, I had taken ICICI Labad's Employee
Compensation Insurance policy for my workers.
This policy is so good
that in case of any accident, the workers
get various types of financial assistance till they recover completely. This is not a policy but a
safety shield for the workers. Now the workers of the country will
neither stop nor be scared.
Visit s.itl.com today and get the policy in just a few
clicks. ICICI Labad promises to protect the country's MSMEs and their businesses with business insurance
solutions like employee compensation, marine
transit, fire, group health etc.
and we salute their courage.